building was built 1908 store downtown
austin coming up here we'll take a look
inside the building all right guys
pulling in it's a new office check it
out we move in this Saturday actually
today's Thursday very nice we just take
it online yeah it's cool 1908 building
historic Austin we're in the basement so
this is all this is yep solid I mean
that doesn't like not artem cell or
quality I know well I think it I think
it was a storm cellar yeah welcome to
chris's large humongous office where you
can almost touch here to here in 92 two
seconds there's going to be the armpit
take a look around there we have the
programming room here where we put in
the programmers and the cave so you know
they don't need light our art director
or a cheap visual officer his name is i
can't tell you yet but you'll find out
soon so here we are under the wing man's
basement dark dark dank and where all
the magic happens cover a little
cocktail carry over here microwave
here's our coffee term here come on Ian
we got a little comics table that's
going to go in here we're going to put a
screen on the wall over there for a
projector hang a projector up here last
on the wall so we can see it will also
be showing you a lot of presentations
from this room is to sort of our
presentation room so you could have peak
in our network guys oh hi Jeremy hey
how's it going hey and then here we're
going to have the design pit all along
the wall here will be designers make it
star citizen this is all about squadron
42 it's all about star citizen and solve
thanks to you appreciate it